hi everybody I just want to give you
update or what I'll be doing over the
next couple weeks I guess new new planes
in from Nitro planes calm and I'm going
to be doing some build reviews and stuff
of them the first thing that I got
is a j-3 cub and this particular model
is this black and yellow version rather
than from the standard yellow version I
thought it was kind of sharp looking
this is made by cbrc this is an RTF and
we're going to be putting this together
and doing some flight reviews and tests
with it as well ok this is a focke-wulf
190 this is made by block go on Wiley
excuse me and this is a kit form there's
no electronics in this so we're going to
be putting our own electronics in it and
putting on radio gear ESC all that stuff
in it and doing the flip review on that
third plane we've got
I am c-47 again this is a RTF plane is
radio and everything all ready to go in
it just got to assemble it we're going
to be doing reviews of that as well
going to be building it and see how that
turns out in the last plane this is an
airfield p-51 Mustang 57 inch wingspan
this is the yellow version right here
and again this is our TF complete with
2.4 gigahertz radio just going to be
assembling yet and going to be doing
some flight reviews later on so in the
coming weeks expect to see some some
videos from me putting these things
together and then doing some flight
reviews and stuff on the only thing that
I've done so far is just open these up
momentarily to take a look and make sure
that there's no shipping damage as far
as I can tell there's none and but as
far as actually taking them out I
haven't done that yet I'm going to take
them out of the package and video the
whole thing and put them together so
we'll be seeing me as I do it if I find
anything wrong you'll see it right there
not going to cut anything out see you
soon